1.Which model did the best for the colour-prediction task?
 Can you give a theory about why?
Do you have any theory about why RGB/LAB/HSV worked better for different models?

Results with RGB to HSV:
Bayesian classifier:    0.561 0.663
kNN classifier:         0.722 0.704
Rand forest classifier: 0.715 0.743
The model that performed best when RGB was converted to HSV values was kNN classifier.

Results with RGB to LAB:
Bayesian classifier:    0.518 0.595
kNN classifier:         0.676 0.689
Rand forest classifier: 0.690 0.719

Taking the mean score with the two models together:
Bayesian classifier:    0.584
kNN classifier:         0.698
Rand forest classifier: 0.716
The model that performed best when RGB was converted to LAB was Random Forest Classifier.

On average, the random forest classifier performed better than Bayesian and kNN.
It seems that it performs better since it is an ensemble learning, having the advantage of training data on multiple decision trees and
combine the result of the predictions. As colour values are based on a scale, decision trees can simplify the process
of predicting by branching based on if values fall below or above a number.
Naive bayes may be affected by the zero frequency problem when predicting on test data and that
it assumes that data will always be normally distributed. kNN's performance also drops when
there is a large amount of data is needs to work with.
Perhaps the models performed better on HSV colour values because the calculation from RGB to HSV is straightforward and results
in positive values. LAB colours can take on negative values which may be added complexity for the models.



2. Have a look at the cities in your validation data
where the weather model makes the wrong prediction.
Do you feel like the model is making reasonable mistakes?
Can you think of any weather features that we could potentially
add to make better predictions?

The mistakes from the model resulted in most similar  cities, for example:
Vancouver vs. Victoria
Vancouver vs. Seattle
Saskatoon vs. Regina and Winnipeg

But some very different:
Toronto vs. London
Toronto vs. Chicago

It may be because these cities have very similar weather pattern behaviour and would need much more specific features that the model
could clearly differentiate patterns between them.
If the data had more identifying features like longitude and latitude, it may be better in predicting because it indicates that
some cities that are predicted very closely are actually located far from each other.