1.Which of the four transforms suggested got you the closest to satisfying the assumptions of a T-test?
For the t-test, the smallest result was given by the log transform.
With respect to the Normal test, the square root transform seemed to give the closest result to a normal distribution for weekdays,
and the log transform gave the closest for the weekend. These results were visually seen by producing a histogram where they had transformed
the distribution close to normal. In the end, I feel the square-root transform gave the most satisfying results if choosing one transform for both samples.
It is also noted that np.exp(x) could not give any result as the values were too extreme.

2.We gave imprecise English translations of what the by-week test, and the Mann-Whitney test were actuallytesting. Do the same for the original T-test, and for the transformed data T-test. That is, describe what theconclusion would be if you could reject the null hypothesis in those tests.
We state the alternative.
Original T-Test: There are a different number of comments on weekdays compared to weekends.
Transformed Test:
    Fix 1: There are a different number of comments on weekdays compared to weekends.
    Fix 2: The number of comments on weekdays and weekdays for each week differ.

3.Of the four approaches, which do you think actually does a better job of getting an answer for the originalquestion:
are there a different number of Reddit comments posted on weekdays than on weekends?
Briefly explain why. (It's not clear to me that there is a single correct answer to this question.)
I feel the method of transforming the data helps to answer the original question best. We are able to analyze the data and
see what the distribution is, and choose the appropriate transform to apply that would give us the best results.
While WhitneyMann U-test and the first t-test gave us very small p-values, it over-looks the distribution of the samples.
The CLT also gave good results but it was a slight modification to our original question and there are a lot less samples that were used since it was grouped by week.

4.When are more Reddit comments posted in /r/canada, on average weekdays or weekends?
Weekdays.